Let's talk about the very first topic in our security star or star of security and this is injections
right over here.
And we're starting off with injections because these are the most common attacks for the last number
of years out of all these techniques.
This is the most common.
The thing that leads to most financial loss and I'd say about 50 percent of the time if you're preventing
against injections.
You've covered a big big chunk of improving security.
So probably the most important topic and it's also really really fun to teach.
So we're going to start off with this one.
Now injections means injecting code into a another piece of code.
And there's a couple ways that you can do this but it's a big principle the idea that we received code
that we didn't really want from a third party a user or somebody else and they're trying to mess with
our code and change our code and perhaps do bad things.
And like I said before it's the most common attack and one of the most famous injections is something
called Eskew well injection and these are two examples of askew all injections.
But you know what we're just looking at a piece of text right now.
It doesn't really mean anything.
Let's actually perform next fuel injection and see how it works.
I'm going to be using the sequel which is a database for Mac but there's tons of other versions for
Windows and Linux that you use.
It's essentially a graphical user interface to play around with your database.
So I'm going to be using this and I should have it open right here as you see I have two tables here
log in and users.
Before this exercise let's just create a new table and I already have created the Eskew all statement
here.
And again if you're not 100 percent comfortable with the SU all yet then I cover that topic in my other
course so I do recommend you check that out.
Or you can find some really good resources online for it.
All I'm saying is I want to create a new table called ask you all injection.
It's going to have a column of ID and a column of email if I click.
Ron Querrey There you go.
If I refresh now I see that we've created a new table called rescue all injection.
Now there's nothing in the stable but we do have the idea and email column.
So let's add a new row here.
Well just and I actually have them prepared over here so we'll just do the insert into Eskew all injection.
So we're going to insert into the table the email field.
We're going to add.
Well to it.
So let's run that query.
All right.
And if we go back to our table we see that we have a new row an idea of one because I've set it up so
it's just sequential.
I'll just keep adding two three four or five and then e-mail of EHLO well.
Now here some ask you all injection that we can do.
And we want to do something like this.
Let's say that we're updating this email field because the user just changed your email.
So if I let's say update my email to something like this that we have from our table and make sure our
I have a quote here.
So what I've just entered is I've entered my value of my new email to have this piece of code and you
see that it's kind of highlighted everything instead of just being a string like it would have been
if we did this.
So by just modifying that piece of code
like this and make sure we have that quote see how the colors change.
What I'm saying is I have played around with this Eskew all statement and made it so that we update
the values to an empty string but then add the semicolon.
We have another statement that drops the table users or let's drop the table.
Q Well injection.
And then I end the statement with this line
and we don't need the quotes anymore.
You see that it's been highlighted as if it's a rescue or a query and we just simply do drop table Escorial
injection.
If I click on query and now I refresh Wu-Wo Did you see that are askew all injections.
Table was just dropped.
That's right.
By just adding this piece of line I was able to draw up an entire table.
So you can see how vicious that could be if I changed just to log in or users.
I can draw the entire company's database and that was simply because I entered this line.
So even though we were expecting an e-mail value instead of providing an e-mail I just sent over this
piece of code that essentially extended the school statement to drop the table that is extremely dangerous.
He just witnessed one of the most common ways that Web sites get attacked.
People just keep copy and pasting these lines in different inputs on Web sites and apps and see if it
does anything and it drops tables.
And if we go back here we also see this top on the Says comma or want equals one.
Again dash dash ignore everything after.
Well this can be put in a password feel.
For example you have to log into a web site and it says your username and password by adding this piece
of line you're saying in the password field I'm expecting a password and I'll pass it on to my school
statement but instead I'm going to just leave it an empty string and then say or one equals one which
is true.
So what that means is the skewl the database is going to check hey does this user exist and does this
password match.
But then because we're not we're adding this or saying does this password match or does one ECOs one
and returns the full user information and logs you in and don't worry I'm going to leave and fun exercise
for you after this video so you can actually practice this on your own.
That's eschewed all injection and that happens with databases but injections can happen anywhere any
time that a user has to input something you can do injections.
Let me show you another example I've created over here a security exercise and don't worry I'm going
to give you access to these files so you can play around with them.
But I've created a very simple web site.
If you look at index not a shemale.
Not much going on here.
And we just have a button that on click sends information to the server.
And I have a server set up as well.
And don't worry we're going to go over this.
That is an express server and all we're doing is we're sent.
We have a gap request.
So if I go to let's start the server actually let's say NPM start.
We're listening to port 3000.
So if I go to my Chrome browser
and let's open up localhost three thousand eight we see the Hello World text because the End Point is
going to return Hello world.
And then we also have another endpoint that is a post request to secret and I'm going to show you what
that does on the front end.
We can open up the index that a shim on file in our browser which looks something like this.
Very very simple web site.
All I have is an input field and I can hit submit.
Now this Submit button if we go back to the code simply says send to server.
We're going to grab the input value and then I'm going to run it through this function that simply just
does adds the text to our Web page.
So again if I type hello Samit I see the text Hello on the web page and after we do that we also do
a fetch call an API call to our server and send the secret through POST method using Jay Saunders string
of phi.
We're sending the user input.
And as Jason.
So we're sending it into the body.
Once we click hello and open up the Network tab let's let's click again we see that we're sending the
secret to the Bacchante.
That's it.
Nothing too crazy if you're not too familiar with node servers.
Then again I recommend you check out my other course but you don't have to worry about too much about
that.
What we want to do here is practice another form of injection.
We expect our users to play around and type in whatever they want but what if a bad person comes and
says What if I just do a script tag here because we're adding it to him all right.
We're just adding whatever we've gotten here to our team multi-week.
So let's do this script auto alert
boom and then we're going to close that tab the script tag and now we hope to run the script in here.
Let's see if that works.
Nothing happens.
We deem and print anything.
Now if we go back to the code we see that we're getting the input and then we're using inner DML which
is bad as you can see here to a P-TECH but luckily for us when scripts are injected into the dawn the
script Dag's like we have.
And we're using interface shemale.
They're not actually run a time when they're injected because the Dom has already run and a shim all
is smart enough to say yeah I'm not going to run that.
That sounds like a bad idea because scripts like this which are called inline script are only run at
the time that the original page is parsed.
So if I refresh this that's not going to run on the other hand there is something we can do.
Check this out.
If we enter something like an image tag with a source of nothing really just a slash and because there's
no source this is going to air.
We can do a on air event that come standard with a shemale and in here I can say Alert.
Boom and close that
if I do this so an image tag that won't be able to fetch any image and it's going to have an on error
of alert.
Boom if I click submit and let's open up the console and unexpected and have input because we should
use double quotes here.
So try that again.
We just ran a script that we injected into our browser and this is because images are injected into
the DOM at the time of encountering the imageshack.
And if the loading fails like you see over here on every event the handler is called.
So what we've just done is we've injected a piece of code that is really really bad into a web site.
So if you go around to Web sites and copy and paste this and try to submit it and they don't have good
security practices you can inject whatever scripts you want into a website.
Again use this information wisely.
Don't be bad with this information.
We're using this as a way to learn how to prevent these sorts of attacks.
So how do we prevent against this.
Well fairly simple.
Instead of using this energy stimulus and that's why I say Inari shemale is bad don't use it.
We want to use something like this.
One last comment that out this creates a text node that is of input.
So no matter what the input is this create text node is going to convert it into just pure text and
does something call sanitizing it.
And because of this we can't just attach a text node to the tag and it doesn't matter how bad we are
with our code.
It's not going to do anything.
Let me save and show you if that fixes it.
So I'm going to submit again Oh and I have to refresh the page let me refresh and let's try that again
this time around.
I'm just going to copy and paste it again.
Same thing if I click Submit heart nothing happens and this is just convert it into text.
That was pretty cool right.
All right.
We've learned about injections.
What can we do to fix them.
Well there's three main things that I wanted to remember.
One is to do something called sanitising input and that is something that we did with the input field
on the website.
The idea is called the white list philosophy.
And what that means is for data validation or anything the user inputs only allow the user to input
data of your expected type if you expect a text to be entered.
An email to be entered a phone number makes sure that you check using javascript that only those things
are used.
For example with a phone number make sure that it's only numbers that are let's say 10 digits.
If it's not the proper type discard it.
So we're sanitizing it.
We're cleaning it.
And by sanitizing and cleaning it into a format that we want using things like javascript we make sure
that no matter what I can enter all these bad codes it doesn't matter because I've already cleaned your
input and it won't do anything to my system.
And sanitization is typically performed by using either.
Like I said a white list or a blacklist.
So why list is good things you can do.
Blacklist is about things that you shouldn't do.
So some of the things that we can do is removing a shemale tags while preserving perhaps the content
or preserving all the actual content of a tag.
Or prevent the user with a notification saying that hey you can't put that information in there.
Try again put something in.
The second point is something called parameterized query and it's also called prepared statements.
And it's a way to prevent Eskew Well injections like we saw it precompile and Eskew all statements so
that all you need to supply are the parameters.
Think of it as a function.
If we go back to our example instead of allowing the user to enter whatever they want what we want to
do is have a sort of function.
So let me open up a tab here a console tab and you have a function let's say that is ask well select
statement and within here you give the name variable the email perhaps the ID variable and inside of
this function you'd have something like If name equals number then you can area it out to.
Or you can say that if name doesn't have the length of this or if name includes characters of this you
have control over what the user enters.
Now this is a big enough problem that there are a ton of really good solutions out there already and
they're called object relational mappers.
That is they provide these prepared statements Eskew all statements for you so that all you need to
supply are the parameters.
Just like I showed you think of them as variables that need to be inserted into the Steelmen for it
to be executed.
And this way it prevents things that we don't like dropping that table and being able to enter whatever
we want.
And as you all statement and one of the really good examples of this is K'NEX dodgy us that we use with
our smart brain now where we're able to use things like if we go to select we're able to just give it
parameters all we say is Connect dots select and we give it whatever parameters we need.
Let's say we want to get the title author in year from the book's table.
And that's the only thing we can do.
K'NEX takes care of actually building the ASCII all statement for us.
But it parameterize is everything.
So we can only provide the parameters to the statement.
All right.
So there you have it.
Those are injections.
You prevent those and you make sure that whatever the user inputs is something that your program expects
then you're going to avoid majority of the security issues that are out there.
Like I said injections are the number one cause of attacks on Web sites so validate every last bit of
user input.
Using y lists on the client side as well as the server and never directly inject to user content into
anything again.
User input should always be trusted.
The only thing they control you can control is how you run your program so you can modify any untrusted
data and to trusted that.
I'll see in the next one Buh-Bye.